feat(design/autoware-architecture/sensing): add radar sensing document (#518)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/design/autoware-architecture/sensing/data-types/radar-data/reference-implementations/device-driver.md

# Device driver for radars

## Interface for radar devices

> The radar driver converts the communication data from radars to ROS2 topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The radar driver converts the communication data from radars to ROS 2 topics.
```
